Implement rpc-patch-v1-01 (#468)
Azure/azure-openapi-validator: docs/rules.md

Please refer to [un-supported-patch-properties.md](./un-supported-patch-properties.md) for details.

### PatchPropertiesInNormalResourceDefinition

> Validates if Patch request body contains atleast one or more properties present in the normal resource definition(PUT operation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validates if Patch request body contains at least one or more properties present in the normal resource definition (PUT operation).
```
